Subtitles by explosiveskull
You underestimate the power
of the word "rodent."
- Thank you.
- Just say yes.
Partnership?
Good to have
a doctor in the house.
- You want me to work here?
- How did you find me again?
You know my mother.
My father's gone missing.
- Selena Callaway.
- They had some information on me.
- They're blackmailing people.
- This was a huge operation.
- I helped him.
- You're a victim.
I can't believe you took her back
to that place.
I was trying to see
if she remembered something.
He wants to help people.
Some people just can't be helped.
Uniform followed up.
They found a body.
Oh, my God!
Any idea how long
they were down there?
Slade and I saw Jesse,
after he'd gone off.
That means Jesse could have gone
south, not west.
Stop him!
He's someone's son.
But not mine.
Great!
So who have we got in there?
Guess whose DNA was found
at the Newman scene?
Jesse Wells.
Mark. Is everything all right?
Hi. No, probably not.
Can I have a word?
Right, I saw Pru yesterday.
Get this.
She and Slade, on the day that
Jesse disappeared...
they were fooling around
in the woods
and they saw Jesse wandering off
towards the bear pit.
That's the opposite direction
to where your dad
and the rest of the police
said he went.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah. Don't worry, I'm having words.
OK, all right, listen.
No, hang on, hang on. I went down
to the bear pit this morning
and beyond it there are roads
and there's houses
and there's a whole raft of people
who were never asked whether
they saw Jesse that day.
Right? Cause when Marosi got picked
up, everyone just stopped looking.
- Do you understand what I'm saying?
- Yeah, I do. OK?
- Listen.
- Danny. Danny.
I'm not asking you
to assemble the Avengers,
I'm just asking you to see if Jesse
going in the opposite direction
- was ever investigated.
- Mark, I will. OK? I will.
But you need to step away.
Look at you, you're too involved.
- I'm sorry, what? I'm too involved?
- Yeah.
- He's my brother.
- Yeah, yeah.
When I share things with you, your
parents are suddenly at the hospital.
Worth putting them through that,
was it? No. It was totally avoidable.
Unnecessary.
Look, I've got work to do.
All right?
I'm sure you do, too.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Yeah.
- Partnership contract.
- Oh, yeah.
It'd be great if you're on-board
by the planning meeting.
I mean, if you want to sign now,
I can witness.
Erm, sorry, one sec. Er...
- Sorry, what?
- Partnership contracts.
- If you want to sign...
- Oh, erm...
Yeah, I promised my husband
that I'd run everything past him.
Of course, sure.
But understood.
Sorry, I've just gotta...
Yeah.
Are you... Are you waiting to go in?
- No.
- I'm gonna do you for that!
- Whoa!
- I'm gonna do you!
Hey, you OK?
Yeah, I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be?
Hey, man. What's going on out there?
Huh?
You're a complete piece of shit.
What?
Nothing...
Nothing really bothers you, does it?
I know that you and Pru
saw Jesse in the woods.
And I know that you chased him
in the opposite direction
to the way everyone was looking!
And you kept that to yourself!
I'm not just talking about
back then,
I'm not talking about when we were 12,
I'm talking about now.
I'm talking about now,
when we think Jesse is alive.
We don't know anything and what we
do know matters. It's everything.
And you know that Jesse
ran in the opposite direction.
Are you seriously not gonna
say anything?
Look, it's got nothing to do with
this Pru thing, all right?
You were 12, you're kids, whatever.
It's about the now.
It's about the "why haven't
you said anything?" now.
I did chase him.
Yeah.
And I stopped because
he disappeared.
And I didn't know
and I don't know which way he went.
I don't.
And I haven't said anything then or
since because there's nothing to add.
OK?
And I wish it was otherwise, I do.
Hey, come on.
I know this is... hurting.
God, I'm sorry.
Sorry for kissing Pru back then,
she was your girlfriend
and I kissed her.
And that...
But I've never been disloyal since.
Ever.
OK? Listen, I hated that.
I hated that.
Slade, you've lied to me
for 20 years.
Mark... come on.
So who are we seeing?
OK, the first girl is Sasha Manley.
She's 22.
Yep.
And that's confirmed?
OK, thanks.
They found Mr X?
No. The last name on the hard drive,
it's a dead end.
Literally. Mr Pilecki died
ten months ago.
And probate's through
with nothing untoward.
What did Selena Callaway
have on her hard drive
that was worth killing her for?
Come on.
Then they said to me, "Your mum and
dad have gone on holidays."
Yeah, we're gonna find them, though.
We'll bring them back.
So, what, four years on
from when I was taken
they can go sit somewhere nice
on a beach?
There was a girl.
A girl who helped him...
helped him get the other girls.
Helped him get me.
- And...
- What was her name?
Her name was Rachel.
I don't know her second name,
I'm sorry.
That's OK.
But this girl...
she looked after us, really.
He only took her out
when he wanted someone new.
Apart from that, she was one of us.
She was held with us.
And then one day she went
and she never came back again.
What happened to her?
Do you know?
It was a long time ago.
And he was raging that night.
Raging.
We reckon that he killed her.
She's probably dead.
No way, that was a flinch.
You did that before.
- You're gonna get a slap.
- Andrew! Stop it!
Yeah, OK!
We're only fooling.
Britnay! We're sorry, Britnay.
She was only six months old
when I was took.
She won't know me, though, will she?
Can I ask her name?
Emma.
Yeah, there... there was a man.
Another man at some point.
I know cause his hands were different,
bigger than...
What about his face?
It was dark.
He did start to... you know.
Then stopped.
And he was...
He was what?
Gentle.
Oh, I've left my phone in the...
What?
The guy that Jane talked about,
you know, the one
with the bigger hands?
The gentle man.
What if that's Jesse?
Yeah, that crossed my mind, too.
Your dad ran the investigation
into Jesse's disappearance.
Have you
checked his old case files?
No, no, no, no, no, no....
- Ally...
- I'm at Newman's house.
It's like a circus down here.
The forensics think
they've found something,
a patch of ground that's
been disturbed.
All right, I'm on my way.
Simon. What you doing here, bud?
I haven't heard from you.
Which could mean there's no news
or alternatively,
you're not doing anything.
But either way,
my dad's still missing.
How did you find out where I live?
My mum still has your address
on her phone.
Right. Well, listen, my dad,
he's cooking some breakfast.
So are you gonna come in?
You gonna come in?
- OK.
- All right.
Dad, will you put some clothes on?
I'm not showing anything
and I like it. Oh, hello.
Sorry, don't mind me.
It's the wife's.
Oh, you're all right.
I have Asperger's, too.
Right, let's get down to business.
I've brought everything
I could find on my dad.
Thing is, Simon, your mum says
your dad often goes off.
She means
he often doesn't come home.
Which is true,
but of course I see him every day.
Well, not every day but most weekdays
in term times, you know what I mean?
So he picks you up after school,
does he?
you really haven't been trying,
have you?
My father teaches at my school.
He teaches geography.
Ah, commiserations, son. We had
a boy like that in our class.
His mum... Well, first of all,
she was a bitch of the highest order
but was also our biology teacher
and that kid got crap from all sides.
I like my dad.
OK.
Right, well, Simon, I apologise
for my lacklustre performance
up until now
and I promise to make amends.
Good. Let's start afresh.
- OK...
- What are we doing?
You said you were taking me out
for lunch. Talk to me.
OK. We're looking for
a new school for our daughter.
- What?
- Yeah.
I'm actually trying to track a
geography teacher, Kenton Marshall,
but if I turn up here on my own
and I start asking questions
this is gonna look suspicious,
and with the kids,
I'm just gonna look like a pervert.
But with my lovely wife...
God...
Come on.
Pru? Come on, come help me out.
Excuse me. Hi. Do any of you guys
do geography by any chance?
Geography, no? Know a geography
teacher called Mr Marshall?
Mr Kenton Marshall?
- No? OK, thank you.
- Thank you.
Can you ask the next ones?
Please, Pru.
Come on. Mr Marshall.
Hi, girls. Excuse me,
erm... any geography students here?
Why do you ask?
Mr Marshall? Mr Kenton Marshall?
No? Do you know him?
- We're just trying to locate him.
- Try the store cupboard.
Yeah, but knock before you go in
in case he's doing Alexa again.
Shut up!
Sorry.
He's not been in all week, so...
- Thanks.
- Thank you, guys. Cheers.
Hey, hey.
Erm... so you know Mr Marshall?
Are you a policeman?
Should I be?
Chrissie! Over here!
- Sorry, I've got to go.
- OK.
All that back there, about Alexa,
it's just gossip.
- You know, a joke really.
- OK. No problem.
- Sorry.
- Thank you. Bye bye.
So Mr Marshall and Alexa?
You're interested now, aren't you?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Come on.
How old's our daughter again?
Do you think it could be Jesse?
They found Jesse's DNA on Newman's
shirt. His body's been here a while.
If it is Jesse,
it doesn't make any sense.
There's a lot about this
that doesn't make any sense.
The lab are fast-tracking the DNA.
We should know by tomorrow.
Jesse could still be dead, though.
Then why was his DNA found at
the Selena Callaway murder scene?
Being a popular school we do have
a very strict catchment area rule,
so I'll let you have the map because
proof of residency is essential.
That's excellent, thank you.
What's this building over there?
- Music department.
- Oh, that's great.
Erm... we should go and check
that out shouldn't we, darling?
Triona, she's erm, grade 7.
On what instrument?
- Piano.
- Grade 7 at 15?
- Very good.
- I need the loo, so I'm just gonna...
I saw one inside,
I'm gonna head back in.
You guys go ahead, OK?
I'll catch you up.
Go on.
In case he's doing Alexa again.
Alexa...
Sort by first name...
I'm so sorry... so sorry I'm late.
Got a little bit lost.
We're gonna have to dash off.
But thank you so much for showing us
the school. It's lovely.
- We'll be in touch.
- Bye. Take care.
- Come on.
- Thanks for that.
Come on, it's not that bad.
I couldn't find anything
on Kenton Marshall
but there is only one Alexa,
in the fifth form.
Got her address.
Let's see what they have to say.
So, what, we go to
this girl's house and say, what?
- Mr and Mrs Mills?
- Yes?
We're the parents of one of Alexa's
friends from Highfield.
Don't worry, she's not in trouble.
We just want to speak to Alexa
- about our daughter.
- I'm sorry, who's Alexa?
You've got a daughter at
Highfield Comprehensive, right?
- No, no. We don't have a daughter.
- We don't have any children.
- Oh...
- Oh.
OK, sorry. Really sorry.
So sorry.
- You got the address wrong.
- Mm-mn.
Not the wrong address.
Mr and Mrs Mills as in "Alexa Mills."
- I'm going back to the school.
- No. No, no.
I've got work.
I've got a surgery this afternoon.
So this is it, is it?
This is divorce?
You don't like being married to me?
You don't like having a 15-year-old
daughter with me?
You can buy your own lunch.
Slade.
- Hey.
- All right?
- Yeah, good.
- You?
- Yeah.
Erm...
I'm gonna go and talk
to the police.
Brit...
I've been thinking about it, and...
Well, not long enough.
Yeah. Trust me, plenty long enough.
It's out in the open now.
I did what I did, Slade.
I helped trap those girls.
And I made them feel safe.
- Listen, Brit...
- No. Please, I've gone through this.
This is like my fate, right?
I've... got to put my hands up
and face what I did.
But what about was done to you?
Hm?
Brit, you don't have to do this.
If you go to the police,
they will eat you alive.
No, no, I'm talking now. OK?
And you're wrong, Brit,
you are wrong!
You're making your amends,
you're doing it every day.
And we can't replace what you give
to the kids here. Never.
So whatever it is you need
to get through this,
- I will get it for you, OK?
- I've made up my mind.
OK, listen. I want you to do this
for me. I want you to think again.
And then think again.
And if, in an hour's time, you still
want to go through with it...
then I'll drive you there.
OK.
Hi. Sorry, I think my wife has left
her phone in the music department.
Did you guys stop off
anywhere together?
No.
I'll go and check. Take a seat.
That'd be great.
Thank you very much.
Wendy, I'll be two minutes.
Hello?
OK, I'm on my way.
Come on, come on, come on,
come on...
It's not there.
Really?
I'm so sorry about that.
Oh, we'll erm... we'll be in touch.
Bye, then.
You lied to me, Mr Mills.
Where's Alexa?
She's not my daughter.
I've never even met her.
- Five minutes, OK?
- Yeah, fine.
Well, how about if I ask your wife,
then?
No, no, no... Look.
Look... I got caught, all right?
You know, with a call girl.
You know, a prostitute.
There was this man there suddenly
and he said, "Sign this and sign
that or we'll tell your wife."
So I did.
But you mustn't tell her, all right?
When you say "this and that"...
I'll show you.
I won't be a second.
So who's the guy that made you
sign all these?
Oh, he's a what do you call it?
He's a pimp.
Goes by the name of Payne.
I mean, it's nothing,
it's an enrolment form.
Is it so bad?
Was a guy called Kenton Marshall
ever mentioned?
You OK?
Yeah, I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be?
Brit, this is madness.
Come on, please.
Let's just... Let's just go, please.
I'm gonna go and do this on my own,
all right?
I owe it to those girls
to say what I did.
They'll crucify you in there.
They'll do what they need to.
Just like I did.
Just like I'm doing now.
Brit...
My name's not Brit.
It's Rachel.
Hi. Can I please speak
to Danny Kenwood?
DS Kenwood?
He's not here at the moment.
Oh, that's OK. I'll wait.
Jesus Christ!
You all right, mate?
You stay away from Alexa.
OK, here you go.
Hey.
I need you to get me an address
from a licence plate number.
Come on, man. What did I tell you
about packing away?
I know, but I really need your help.
You know you're putting me
in a really difficult position here?
Danny, I wouldn't ask you
if I didn't need it.
All right.
Text me the licence plate number.
Your families are waiting for you.
Hey. You're alive!
Hey... what are you doing here?
No.
No, no, look, look...
you're not to blame.
We won't say anything.
Just go. Just go.
- Jane?
- Yeah, sorry. I'm here.
- I'm sorry, I was just...
- It's OK.
- What's your name?
- Izzy.
That's a nice name.
So you and Sasha are down here.
Izzy? It's this room over here.
- I need the loo.
- OK.
- Er... do you mind showing her?
- Yeah.
Sorry, I need a tampon.
The machine's not working.
- OK, hang on.
- It's urgent.
OK. Wait there
and I'll go and get you one.
I'm so sorry, Mark.
Honestly, I...
Me, too.
What happened to your face?
I got jumped this morning
by some random guy.
- What?
- Yeah.
I just got his address from Danny.
- Do you fancy a drive?
- Yeah.
There you go. That's his car.
Yeah, he's in there.
So now we wait.
That's Porter & Starr. This is
where Selena Callaway worked.
Yeah.
Right. No. You wait here.
I'll go.
Hi. Rodent eradication.
Remember?
We're just here to do
a discreet follow-up call.
Can I er...?
Hello?
Can I help you?
Yes. Can I leave these with you?
So what happened in there?
What's going on?
Nothing. I got in there and...
I lost him. He just vanished.
What's the connection?
What's going on, man?
♪ Don't take your love away from me ♪
♪ Don't you leave my heart
in misery ♪
♪ If you go, then I'll be blue ♪
♪ Cause breaking up is hard to do ♪
Here he is!
- Hi!
- That's beautiful!
Nice surprise.
Well, your mum and dad were playing
me Neil Sedaka who says...
Breaking up is hard to do.
He was wrong cause it's easy as pie
and we are much happier now.
- Much happier.
- And I was wondering
if you wanted to have a late lunch.
Oh. As in a... very late lunch.
Yeah. As in a... really late lunch
with a little bit of nightclubbing,
maybe some dancing.
♪ Cause I wanna be happy ♪
- I can do that.
- Yeah? Whoo!
- Who's there?
- It's just me, Dad.
It's good to see you.
Hey, Dad... please, just...
These files, yeah?
What was in these folders?
These... these folders.
These are the Jesse Wells folders.
OK.
I'm gonna tell you something
pretty important.
OK.
Because it was said to me
face-to-face.
I find it hard to believe, but...
Jesus wants me for a fisherman.
What?
You've got a fat lip.
Oh, yeah, I know.
I got jumped in the street today.
- What?
- Yeah.
Then this guy sprang out of nowhere
and saved me,
ran off before I could thank him.
What, like Batman?
Ah! That's who it was,
it was Batman!
I was gonna say that erm...
it's really nice being with you again,
you know?
Nice seeing you again
after all these years.
And it's great making you cry again.
I mean, that's...
Excuse me.
Can I get two shots, please?
- Sorry.
- It's all right.
There's erm...
There's stuff
that I need to tell you.
OK.
There's stuff that I need to unpack.
You know when you move house
and the removal van drives away
and you're just sort of left
with all these boxes and you don't
know which one to open first
- because you didn't label them?
- Right.
- It's like that.
- OK.
Well, let's just...
- We'll just take them as they come.
- OK.
Go for it. What's in the first one?
Erm...
I married the wrong man.
Not that box.
I don't know what I'm doing, OK?
OK.
No, I mean not at all.
And it's just been like this...
for ages.
Maybe for ever.
I mean, why was I in America?
What was I doing there?
- You went with your mum.
- Yeah, right.
Just one day I woke up,
I was like: "I have to get home.
I have to get home right now.
Not in a bit. Now."
And Stuart was really amenable,
and here I am.
- Well, I'm glad you're here.
- Yeah, I'm glad. I'm glad!
I'm glad! But I haven't told Stuart
that I'm not gonna take
that GP partnership
cause I don't want to be
a private doctor.
And he won't get that at all.
Especially when I say I'm working
with Slade in the shelter for free.
- Yes, he told me that. That's great.
- Yeah.
It's kind of like the old me,
isn't it?
Yeah, I mean, working in the shelter,
that's... Thanks, mate.
- Just forget Stu. OK?
- OK.
Here's to you.
I was Mrs Wells today for a while.
We had a daughter.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org